[th2-1917] Extended Utility classes (#75)
th2-net/th2-common-j: README.md

* common JVM metrics will also be exported alongside common service metrics

## Release notes
* (2.18.0) - Extended Utility classes
  * Added the toTreeTable method to convert message/message filter to event data

>   * Added the Event.exception method to add exception with all causes to the body data as series of messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the Event.exception method to add exception with all the causes to the body data, as a series of messages
```

* common JVM metrics will also be exported alongside common service metrics

## Release notes
* (2.19.0) - Extended Utility classes
    * Added the toTreeTable method to convert message/message filter to event data

>     * Added the Event.exception method to add exception and optionally all the causes to the body data as series of messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added the Event.exception method to include an exception and optionally all the causes to the body data as a series of messages
```
